readme.md, before:

# AIDS/LifeCycle SMS Service

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Vendor Stylesheets and JavaScript](#vendor-stylesheets-and-javascript)
	- [Project dependencies](#project-dependencies)
- [Express Server](#express-server)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [3rd Party Documentation](#3rd-party-documentation)
- [Todo / Wish list](#todo--wishlist)

## Overview

AIDS/LifeCycle sends 20-25 messages to all on-event participants over the course of 7 days. This totals close to 60,000 individual text messages.
### Types of Messages
- Emergency alert system if there is a situation during the event.

- Communication between the production team and event volunteers during the event. Requires 2 way group texting that an administrator can control who can receive texts and who can respond to texts.

- Staff communication and updates (meeting times and locations, call times, private updates).

### Vendor Stylesheets and JavaScript

#### Project dependencies:
- Shards CSS/JS
- Bootstrap 4 CSS/JS
- jQuery (Bootstrap dependency)

These files have been committed for the following reasons:

1) Eventually I would like to add a service worker to cache the the files
2) I work offline while traveling, so it's nice to have the files
3) We travel to areas will little to no data service JS and CSS shouldn't slow or block the page from rendering

### Express Server

#### Setup 

```
git clone git@github.com:jeffreylowy/alc-sms.git
npm install
git checkout -b [your branch name]
```

The app structure created by [Express Generator](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/generator.html).

On MacOS or Linux, run the app with this command:

```
$ DEBUG=myapp:* npm start
```

On Windows, use this command:

```
set DEBUG=myapp:* & npm start
```

___Request___: As you work, please keep your branch up-to-date with the Master branch. This save a lot of time and headaches and ensure your work is committed to Master.

### Twilio API keys

The keys are stored in a `.env` file located in the root of the project. Contact _@jefflowy_ for access to the Twilio API keys.

### 3rd Party Documentation 

- [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- [jQuery 3.2.1](http://api.jquery.com/)
- [Shards UI](https://designrevision.com/docs/shards/)
- [Socket.io](https://socket.io/)
- [Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/docs/)

### Todo / Wish list
- [ ] Separate handlebars `index.hbs` into components
- [ ] Connect to Twilio API
- [ ] Define/plan DB schemas
- [ ] Create DB schemas
- [ ] Create dashboard of channels
- [ ] Create layout for each channel
- [ ] Service worker (cache CSS and JS)
- [ ] Add support for [Socket.io](https://socket.io/) - append new message to top of container when text sent/received

Commit message:

Update readme with Twilio docs and ALC logo

readme.md, after:

<img src="public/images/logo-blue-450px-github.png">

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Vendor Stylesheets and JavaScript](#vendor-stylesheets-and-javascript)
	- [Project dependencies](#project-dependencies)
- [Express Server](#express-server)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [3rd Party Documentation](#3rd-party-documentation)
- [Todo / Wish list](#todo--wishlist)

## Overview

AIDS/LifeCycle sends 20-25 messages to all on-event participants over the course of 7 days. This totals close to 60,000 individual text messages.
### Types of Messages
- Emergency alert system if there is a situation during the event.

- Communication between the production team and event volunteers during the event. Requires 2 way group texting that an administrator can control who can receive texts and who can respond to texts.

- Staff communication and updates (meeting times and locations, call times, private updates).

### Vendor Stylesheets and JavaScript

#### Project dependencies:
- Shards CSS/JS
- Bootstrap 4 CSS/JS
- jQuery (Bootstrap dependency)

These files have been committed for the following reasons:

1) Eventually I would like to add a service worker to cache the the files
2) I work offline while traveling, so it's nice to have the files
3) We travel to areas will little to no data service JS and CSS shouldn't slow or block the page from rendering

### Express Server

#### Setup 

```
git clone git@github.com:jeffreylowy/alc-sms.git
npm install
git checkout -b [your branch name]
```

The app structure created by [Express Generator](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/generator.html).

On MacOS or Linux, run the app with this command:

```
$ DEBUG=myapp:* npm start
```

On Windows, use this command:

```
set DEBUG=myapp:* & npm start
```

___Request___: As you work, please keep your branch up-to-date with the Master branch. This save a lot of time and headaches and ensure your work is committed to Master.

### Twilio

#### API Keys

The keys are stored in a `.env` file located in the root of the project. Contact _@jefflowy_ for access to the Twilio API keys.

#### Quick start documentation

| Title                                                        | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Twilio Quest](https://www.twilio.com/quest/welcome)         | TwilioQuest is an interactive, self-paced game where you learn how to use  products, features, and concepts. |
| [Getting Started with Twilio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrx4ux-hChw) (6:30) | Getting started video                                        |
| [Launch an SMS app in 5 minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnrtIUBlnzk) (5:12) | Learn how to configure and deploy an SMS broadcast application with Twilio functions. You can use this app to broadcast SMS messages to large numbers of people who have subscribed to your updates. |



### 3rd Party Documentation 

- [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- [jQuery 3.2.1](http://api.jquery.com/)
- [Shards UI](https://designrevision.com/docs/shards/)
- [Socket.io](https://socket.io/)
- [Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/docs/)

### Todo / Wish list
- [ ] Separate handlebars `index.hbs` into components
- [ ] Connect to Twilio API
- [ ] Define/plan DB schemas
- [ ] Create DB schemas
- [ ] Create dashboard of channels
- [ ] Create layout for each channel
- [ ] Service worker (cache CSS and JS)
- [ ] Add support for [Socket.io](https://socket.io/) - append new message to top of container when text sent/received
